c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\CurrencyConverter.exe
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\CurrencyConverter.pdb
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\CurrencyConverter.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\CurrencyConverter.exe
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\CurrencyConverter.pdb
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\Convert_page.xbf
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Convert_page.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Convert_page.g.cs
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Convert_page.xaml
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Convert_page.xbf
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\CurrencyConverter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\Modify.xbf
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Modify.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Modify.g.cs
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Modify.xaml
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Modify.xbf
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\Splash.xbf
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Splash.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Splash.g.cs
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Splash.xaml
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Splash.xbf
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Header.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Header.g.cs
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Header.xaml
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\obj\Debug\Header.xbf
C:\Users\Aptech\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CurrencyConverter\CurrencyConverter\bin\Debug\Header.xbf
